RESOURCE-507 added additional attribute for attribute (#680)
inspec/inspec-azure: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/resources/azure_network_security_group.md

  it { should_not exist }
end
```

> ### Test that a Network Security group should not allows UDB from the internet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Test that a Network Security group should not allow UDP from the internet
```
